content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Island View PTA
date: 2017-06-28 19:23:42 +0000
subtitle: Supporting the students, staff, and community at Island View Elementary.
description: Homepage for the Island View Elementary PTA website.
image: "/uploads/mt-erie.jpg"
imageLink: http://www.photosbyrakan.com/
imageCredit: Photo by Rakan AlDuaij
callToAction: true
type: page

---
## Welcome to Island View PTA!

Our PTA helps make so much possible for the students and staff at Island View Elementary, including classroom enhancements,
[FIRST LEGO League Jr.](/lego/),
[Reading is Fundamental’s](http://www.rif.org/) free books,
[ClassACT School Plays](https://www.facebook.com/Class-ACT-Anacortes-Community-Theatres-School-of-Performing-Arts-105835664376/),
free popcorn every month, Family Fun Nights,
[Watch DOGS](http://www.fathers.com/watchdogs/),
Lego Club,
I Love to Read Month,
[Scholastic Magazines](http://classroommagazines.scholastic.com/Landing-Pages/subscribers),
Educational software,
[Mountain School](https://ncascades.org/signup/youth/mountain-school), and MORE.

The Island View PTA will hold their monthly meetings on the **FIRST Wednesday** of each month.  Please join us at **6pm** in the **Island View Library** and have your voice heard! We’d love for you to [become a member of the PTA](/membership/).

## Monthly Newsletters

Please click the blue buttons below to read our newsletters.
For past issues, please see the [Google Drive Archive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1NjUF3zXFrqc2J464wPtga85BsbY-nU2e?usp=sharing).

Commit message:

Updated newsletter buttons Updated News Page and Homepage text regarding newsletters.

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Island View PTA
date: 2017-06-28 19:23:42 +0000
subtitle: Supporting the students, staff, and community at Island View Elementary.
description: Homepage for the Island View Elementary PTA website.
image: "/uploads/mt-erie.jpg"
imageLink: http://www.photosbyrakan.com/
imageCredit: Photo by Rakan AlDuaij
callToAction: true
type: page

---
## Welcome to Island View PTA!

Our PTA helps make so much possible for the students and staff at Island View Elementary, including classroom enhancements,
[FIRST LEGO League Jr.](/lego/),
[Reading is Fundamental’s](http://www.rif.org/) free books,
[ClassACT School Plays](https://www.facebook.com/Class-ACT-Anacortes-Community-Theatres-School-of-Performing-Arts-105835664376/),
free popcorn every month, Family Fun Nights,
[Watch DOGS](http://www.fathers.com/watchdogs/),
Lego Club,
I Love to Read Month,
[Scholastic Magazines](http://classroommagazines.scholastic.com/Landing-Pages/subscribers),
Educational software,
[Mountain School](https://ncascades.org/signup/youth/mountain-school), and MORE.

The Island View PTA will hold their monthly meetings on the **FIRST Wednesday** of each month.  Please join us at **6pm** in the **Island View Library** and have your voice heard! We’d love for you to [become a member of the PTA](/membership/).

## Monthly Newsletters

Please click the blue buttons below to read our most recent newsletters.
For past issues, please see the yellow highlighted blocks on the [News](/news) page.
