content/get-involved.md, before:

---
date: 2017-07-30T21:30:34.000+00:00
description: Our PTA thrives because LOTS of fabulous individuals give a little (or
  a lot) of their time and talents, working together to serve the students and staff
  of Island View Elementary.
image: "/img/home/home_jumbotron.jpg"
imageCredit: Photo by Rakan AlDuaij
imageLink: http://www.photosbyrakan.com/
subtitle: Volunteers make so much possible for our students!
title: Get Involved
callToAction: true

---
## Island View Family

This school year is unlike any other and that is why we need your help more than ever!

The Island View PTA is deeply committed to the staff and students at Island View Elementary and we could not provide the MANY opportunities we offer without your support!

Due to the pandemic, our reach this year has been limited and without our usual fundraisers (Color Run and Chocolate Sales) we had to drastically minimize this year's budget. Even with all of the challenges this year has presented, we still want to engage our Eagles as much as possible and support our Island View families and staff to the best of our ability.

## We Need YOU!

Our PTA thrives because LOTS of fabulous individuals give a little (or a lot) of their time and talents, working together to serve the students and staff of Island View Elementary. We need YOU – your new ideas, your energy, your enthusiasm – to make our PTA all that it can be!

**We are actively recruiting people interested in taking a leadership role in the Island View PTA for next school year.**  Please check that box in the survey to let us know!

> ## Please complete this:  [_Volunteer Interest Survey_](https://www.cognitoforms.com/FidalgoIslandViewPTASkagitCounty1/IslandViewPTAVolunteerInterest "Interest Survey").

***

These are some of the amazing things the PTA is usually involved in - please consider volunteering to help us reimagine them in this virtual world.

[**5th Grade Graduation**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%205th%20Grade%20Graduation): Preparing for our 5th Graders to leave the Eagles Nest and fly off to Middle School.

[**100th Day Food Drive**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Food%20Drive): Helping support our local food banks and celebrating the 100th day of school with the 100th Day Food Drive!

[**Class ACT School Play**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20ACT%20School%20Play): Working with the Anacortes Community Theatre’s School for the Performing Arts to create an annual school play starring up to 80 Island View students.

[**Display / Bulletin Board**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Display-Reader%20Board): Helping set with the visual presence of the PTA, by creating appealing bulletin boards and display cases.

[**Family Fun**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Family%20Fun): Hosting several just-for-fun events for Island View students and their families, including movie parties, family fun activities, bingo nights, etc.

[**Field Day**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Field%20Day): Planning and coordinating much of the activities and fun on Field Day.

[**Garden Club**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Garden%20Club): Working with teachers to fully utilize the amazing Island View School Garden.

[**Gratitude Group**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Gratitude%20Group): Fostering the Attitude of Gratitude amongst Island View students, staff, and families through creative expression throughout the year, including the Gratitude Graffiti bulletin boards before Thanksgiving.

[**Hospitality / Staff Appreciation**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Hospitality-Staff%20Appreciation): Providing dinner for the teachers during evening conferences, and planning other staff appreciation events throughout the year.

[**I Love to Read Month**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20I%20Love%20to%20Read%20Month): Organizing a month full of fun activities to encourage each student’s love of reading.

[**Lego Club**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Lego%20Club): Overseeing students creating with Legos every other Wednesday morning.

[**Lego Robotics**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Lego%20Robotics):  Leading the First Lego League teams at Island View.

[**Media / Website**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Media):  Designing and maintaining the PTA website as well as the Island View PTA Facebook page.

[**Membership**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Membership): Working to increase the involvement of Island View families in their PTA.

[**Newsletter**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Newsletter): Preparing and distributing regular communications from the PTA to the entire Island View community.

[**Popcorn**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Popcorn): Popping and distributing free popcorn to students once a month.

[**RIF (Reading is Fundamental)**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20RIF): Running RIF, where twice a year, every K-3 grader gets to pick out their very own book to keep, thanks to the generous donors to Fidalgo Island Reading Is Fundamental.

[**Safe Routes**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Safe%20Routes): Promoting and running the monthly Walk and Wheel events.

[**Watch D.O.G.S.**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Watch%20DOGS):  **D**ads **O**f **G**reat **S**tudents: Encouraging more men to get involved in the school life of children. [PTA Page](/watch-dogs)

[**Wednesday Copies**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Wednesday%20Copies):  Copying and distributing the weekly take-home paperwork for students.

[**Yearbook**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Yearbook):  Creating the Island View yearbook each spring.

[**Young Authors**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Young%20Authors): Helping aspiring authors hone their writing skills and publish a book of their own!

[**FUNDRAISING**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Fundraising)

The PTA raises funds to provide classroom and school-wide enhancements and to pay for all of the things listed above.  Below are some of the ways our PTA raises funds throughout the years, and this year **we need YOU**!

* Candy Bar Sales in the Fall
* Color Run in the Spring
* Book Fair
* Box Tops
* Restaurant Take-Overs
* Spirit Wear

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact any of the board members: [President - Meg Mourning](mailto:president@islandviewpta.org), [Vice President - Eric Mithen](mailto:vicepresident@islandviewpta.org), [Treasurer - Kyle Rash](mailto:treasurer@islandviewpta.org), [Secretary - Angela McCormick](mailto:secretary@islandviewpta.org)

**THANK YOU** for your support of all the students and staff at Island View Elementary!

Commit message:

Add Digital Read Aloud info to homepage. Update spacing around headings. Update Jumbotron

content/get-involved.md, after:

---
date: 2017-07-30T21:30:34.000+00:00
description: Our PTA thrives because LOTS of fabulous individuals give a little (or
  a lot) of their time and talents, working together to serve the students and staff
  of Island View Elementary.
image: "/img/home/home_jumbotron.jpg"
imageCredit: Photo by Rakan AlDuaij
imageLink: http://www.photosbyrakan.com/
subtitle: Volunteers make so much possible for our students!
title: Get Involved
callToAction: true

---
## Island View Family

This school year is unlike any other and that is why we need your help more than ever!

The Island View PTA is deeply committed to the staff and students at Island View Elementary and we could not provide the MANY opportunities we offer without your support!

Due to the pandemic, our reach this year has been limited and without our usual fundraisers (Color Run and Chocolate Sales) we had to drastically minimize this year's budget. Even with all of the challenges this year has presented, we still want to engage our Eagles as much as possible and support our Island View families and staff to the best of our ability.

## We Need YOU!

Our PTA thrives because LOTS of fabulous individuals give a little (or a lot) of their time and talents, working together to serve the students and staff of Island View Elementary. We need YOU – your new ideas, your energy, your enthusiasm – to make our PTA all that it can be!

**We are actively recruiting people interested in taking a leadership role in the Island View PTA for next school year.**  Please check that box in the survey to let us know!

> ## Please complete this:  [_Volunteer Interest Survey_](https://www.cognitoforms.com/FidalgoIslandViewPTASkagitCounty1/IslandViewPTAVolunteerInterest "Interest Survey").

***

These are some of the amazing things the PTA is usually involved in - please consider volunteering to help us reimagine them in this virtual world.

[**5th Grade Graduation**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%205th%20Grade%20Graduation): Preparing for our 5th Graders to leave the Eagles Nest and fly off to Middle School.

[**100th Day Food Drive**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Food%20Drive): Helping support our local food banks and celebrating the 100th day of school with the 100th Day Food Drive!

[**Class ACT School Play**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20ACT%20School%20Play): Working with the Anacortes Community Theatre’s School for the Performing Arts to create an annual school play starring up to 80 Island View students.

[**Display / Bulletin Board**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Display-Reader%20Board): Helping set with the visual presence of the PTA, by creating appealing bulletin boards and display cases.

[**Family Fun**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Family%20Fun): Hosting several just-for-fun events for Island View students and their families, including movie parties, family fun activities, bingo nights, etc.

[**Field Day**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Field%20Day): Planning and coordinating much of the activities and fun on Field Day.

[**Garden Club**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Garden%20Club): Working with teachers to fully utilize the amazing Island View School Garden.

[**Gratitude Group**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Gratitude%20Group): Fostering the Attitude of Gratitude amongst Island View students, staff, and families through creative expression throughout the year, including the Gratitude Graffiti bulletin boards before Thanksgiving.

[**Hospitality / Staff Appreciation**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Hospitality-Staff%20Appreciation): Providing dinner for the teachers during evening conferences, and planning other staff appreciation events throughout the year.

[**I Love to Read Month**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20I%20Love%20to%20Read%20Month): Organizing a month full of fun activities to encourage each student’s love of reading.
Join the fun with the new [Digital Read Aloud Library](/digital-read-aloud)! Where Island View Elementary students and adults can contribute read aloud videos to a playlist that others can enjoy.

[**Lego Club**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Lego%20Club): Overseeing students creating with Legos every other Wednesday morning.

[**Lego Robotics**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Lego%20Robotics):  Leading the First Lego League teams at Island View.

[**Media / Website**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Media):  Designing and maintaining the PTA website as well as the Island View PTA Facebook page.

[**Membership**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Membership): Working to increase the involvement of Island View families in their PTA.

[**Newsletter**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Newsletter): Preparing and distributing regular communications from the PTA to the entire Island View community.

[**Popcorn**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Popcorn): Popping and distributing free popcorn to students once a month.

[**RIF (Reading is Fundamental)**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20RIF): Running RIF, where twice a year, every K-3 grader gets to pick out their very own book to keep, thanks to the generous donors to Fidalgo Island Reading Is Fundamental.

[**Safe Routes**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Safe%20Routes): Promoting and running the monthly Walk and Wheel events.

[**Watch D.O.G.S.**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Watch%20DOGS):  **D**ads **O**f **G**reat **S**tudents: Encouraging more men to get involved in the school life of children. [PTA Page](/watch-dogs)

[**Wednesday Copies**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Wednesday%20Copies):  Copying and distributing the weekly take-home paperwork for students.

[**Yearbook**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Yearbook):  Creating the Island View yearbook each spring.

[**Young Authors**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Young%20Authors): Helping aspiring authors hone their writing skills and publish a book of their own!

[**FUNDRAISING**](mailto:membership@islandviewpta.org?subject=IVEPTA%20-%20Fundraising)

The PTA raises funds to provide classroom and school-wide enhancements and to pay for all of the things listed above.  Below are some of the ways our PTA raises funds throughout the years, and this year **we need YOU**!

* Candy Bar Sales in the Fall
* Color Run in the Spring
* Book Fair
* Box Tops
* Restaurant Take-Overs
* Spirit Wear

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact any of the board members: [President - Meg Mourning](mailto:president@islandviewpta.org), [Vice President - Eric Mithen](mailto:vicepresident@islandviewpta.org), [Treasurer - Kyle Rash](mailto:treasurer@islandviewpta.org), [Secretary - Angela McCormick](mailto:secretary@islandviewpta.org)

**THANK YOU** for your support of all the students and staff at Island View Elementary!
